README.md, before:

# mySetup.nvim

## Theme
One dark pro : https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim

## plugins

### Telescope :
Description : 
url : 
keymapping :

### NeoTree
Description : 
url : 
keymapping :

### Treesitter
Description : 
url : 
keymapping :

### Mason
Description : 
url : https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim
keymapping :

### Mason-lspconfig
Description : 
url : https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim
keymapping :

### Nvim-lspconfig
Description : 
url : https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig
keymapping :


# Keymap

## Navigation
<leader>p   -> Paste from last yank (after cursor)
<leader>P   -> Paste from last yank (before cursor)
<leader>y   -> Yank to systemClipboard ("+y)
yyp         -> Duplicate line without affecting register (:co.)
J           -> = to 5j (replace default join keymap)
K           -> = to 5k (replace default join keymap)

<leader>j   -> override join line under
<leader>k   -> override join line hover

## Easy-motion
always begin with <leader><leader>
w -> Make selection forward in current line
b -> Make selection backward in current line
a -> Make selection hint beginin of work everywhere
j -> Make selection start of line under current line
k -> Make selection start of line hover current line
f<char> -> Make selection for char forward in current line (the cursor lend on the char)
F<char> -> Make selection for char backward in current line (the cursor lend on the char)
f<char> -> Make selection for char forward in current line (the cursor lend before the char)
F<char> -> Make selection for char backward in current line (the cursor lend before the char)
s<char> -> Make selection for char in the current file. (the cursor lend on the char)

## Tabs navigation
<leader><leader>n -> New tabs with the current page (:tabnew %<CR>)
<leader>n   -> Next tabs (:tabn<CR>)
<leader>N   -> Previous tabs (:tabp<CR>)

## Telescope
<leader>sf  -> Search by fileName
<leader>fg  -> Fuzzy find global
<leader>fb  -> Fuzzy find buffer
<leader>fh  -> Find in help

## Harpoon
<leader>a   -> Harpoon current file to list
<leader>d   -> Harpoon remove current file to list
<leader>1-9 -> Got to x item in list
<C-e>       -> Open list with telescope
    <C-d>       -> delete current selected in list

## none-ls
<leader>gf  -> Format entire file

## Neo-tree
<C-n>       -> Show fileExplorer on left :Neotree filesystem reveal left<CR>
<leader>bf  -> :Neotree buffers reveal float<CR>

## lsp
todo...

## Completion
todo..

## Text edition normal mode
<leader>j   -> override join line under
<leader>k   -> override join line hover

Commit message:

add neo-tree toggle hidden file

README.md, after:

# mySetup.nvim

## Theme
One dark pro : https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim

## plugins

### Telescope :
Description : 
url : 

### NeoTree
Description : 
url : 

### Treesitter
Description : 
url : 

### Mason
Description : 
url : https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim

### Mason-lspconfig
Description : 
url : https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim

### Nvim-lspconfig
Description : 
url : https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig

### Tabs - barbar.nvim
... to install and try

# Keymap

## Navigation
<leader>p   -> Paste from last yank (after cursor)
<leader>P   -> Paste from last yank (before cursor)
<leader>y   -> Yank to systemClipboard ("+y)
yyp         -> Duplicate line without affecting register (:co.)
J           -> = to 5j (replace default join keymap)
K           -> = to 5k (replace default join keymap)

<leader>j   -> override join line under
<leader>k   -> override join line hover

## Easy-motion
always begin with <leader><leader>
w -> Make selection forward in current line
b -> Make selection backward in current line
a -> Make selection hint beginin of work everywhere
j -> Make selection start of line under current line
k -> Make selection start of line hover current line
f<char> -> Make selection for char forward in current line (the cursor lend on the char)
F<char> -> Make selection for char backward in current line (the cursor lend on the char)
f<char> -> Make selection for char forward in current line (the cursor lend before the char)
F<char> -> Make selection for char backward in current line (the cursor lend before the char)
s<char> -> Make selection for char in the current file. (the cursor lend on the char)

## Tabs navigation
<leader><leader>n -> New tabs with the current page (:tabnew %<CR>)
<leader>n   -> Next tabs (:tabn<CR>)
<leader>N   -> Previous tabs (:tabp<CR>)

## Telescope
<leader>sf  -> Search by fileName
<leader>fg  -> Fuzzy find global
<leader>fb  -> Fuzzy find buffer
<leader>fh  -> Find in help

## Harpoon
<leader>a   -> Harpoon current file to list
<leader>d   -> Harpoon remove current file to list
<leader>1-9 -> Got to x item in list
<C-e>       -> Open list with telescope
    <C-d>       -> delete current selected in list

## none-ls
<leader>gf  -> Format entire file

## Neo-tree
<C-n>       -> Show fileExplorer on left :Neotree filesystem reveal left<CR>
<leader>bf  -> :Neotree buffers reveal float<CR>
H           -> while in file explore toggle hidden file
## lsp
todo...

## Completion
todo..

## Text edition normal mode
<leader>j   -> override join line under
<leader>k   -> override join line hover
